From:	Josh Carson
Sent:	Thursday, August 1, 2019 4:29 PM
To:	Felicia Everson-Tuggle; Adriana Harrington
Subject:	Monthly Reflection Questions for Grant Monitoring

Felicia and Adriana,

Below are reflection questions that will go in the monthly report we provide districts as part of our new 
data requirements for various grants. I pulled some of these from the quarterly template, where 
districts will submit written responses. (No written responses will be required on a monthly basis, just 
verbal reflection in check-ins with DSI.) I wanted to share with both of you for feedback before sharing 
them with districts.

*	Student chronic absenteeism
o	What factors have contributed to students' chronic absenteeism this month (or the lack 
thereof)?  How do you plan (or have you planned) to address these factors?
o	To what extent has chronic absenteeism varied by student group (e.g., Black or African 
American, English Learners, Male, Students with Disabilities)?
*	Student discipline
o	What factors have contributed to students' discipline rates this month (or the lack 
thereof)? How do you plan (or have you planned) to address these factors?
o	To what extent have discipline rates varied by student group (e.g., Black or African 
American, English Learners, Male, Students with Disabilities)?
*	Student mobility
o	What factors have contributed to student mobility this month (or the lack thereof)? 
How do you plan (or have you planned) to address these factors?
o	To what extent has student mobility varied by student group (e.g., Black or African 
American, English Learners, Male, Students with Disabilities)?
o	Where do students who leave your Priority schools typically go? Where do new students 
typically come from?
*	Teachers
o	What factors have contributed to teacher turnover this month (or the lack thereof)? 
How do you plan (or have you planned) to address these factors?
o	What factors have contributed to teacher chronic absenteeism this month (or the lack 
thereof)? How do you plan (or have you planned) to address these factors?

I aim to share pre-populated monthly data templates with districts (via ePlan) ASAP. I’ll share these 
questions with districts at that time if that seems okay to you.

Thanks,

--------------
Josh Carson
School Improvement Data Analyst
Office of Data Governance
TN Department of Education
josh.carson@tn.gov
(615) 393-2434

